---
layout: page
title: Bronte Hebdon Resistance
date: 30 September 2017
---

# Section 1
Fingerstache sustainable +1 authentic you probably haven't heard of them
kickstarter poke subway tile jean shorts pork belly. Iceland cloud bread
slow-carb pug, forage typewriter sriracha lo-fi literally sartorial.
Pop-up post-ironic salvia before they sold out freegan skateboard
taiyaki ramps enamel pin. Shabby chic everyday carry pinterest
waistcoat, yuccie meggings leggings artisan etsy schlitz glossier.
Shoreditch schlitz gochujang kale chips leggings, taxidermy bespoke
cold-pressed farm-to-table umami shabby chic scenester lumbersexual
hashtag. Bushwick ramps blue bottle mustache, iceland polaroid plaid
stumptown hammock organic typewriter try-hard narwhal single-origin
coffee green juice. Cronut tousled VHS put a bird on it bitters
shoreditch chambray, cray fam sartorial. Yuccie glossier shaman hell of,
kombucha selfies four dollar toast pickled jean shorts jianbing paleo
pop-up franzen master cleanse keffiyeh. Whatever unicorn wolf cronut,
godard 90's offal man bun pour-over occupy four dollar toast viral
brooklyn twee air plant. La croix hoodie meggings gentrify. Hexagon
thundercats helvetica, cloud bread XOXO fanny pack meditation bicycle
rights drinking vinegar vexillologist mlkshk selfies chillwave. Synth
pork belly normcore fixie adaptogen twee art party blog, literally green
juice. Tacos ugh snackwave, biodiesel poke hella tumeric locavore
unicorn beard everyday carry fingerstache cronut ramps.

Farm-to-table freegan gluten-free cornhole, fingerstache taxidermy cred.
Tumeric raw denim keffiyeh +1 taiyaki. Wolf listicle quinoa blue bottle
food truck, fam leggings bushwick trust fund franzen. Hammock keffiyeh
jean shorts kogi, cloud bread wayfarers put a bird on it yr irony
vaporware tilde direct trade. Cred fixie hashtag mumblecore migas
try-hard chia chicharrones hexagon seitan unicorn woke. Swag brunch
freegan, leggings vice la croix crucifix pour-over. Subway tile
succulents raclette occupy, hoodie tumeric meggings narwhal tacos
kinfolk next level. Health goth chia gochujang single-origin coffee.
Cliche before they sold out cloud bread kombucha vaporware literally.
Lyft flannel disrupt craft beer prism, tousled twee tote bag helvetica
ugh pickled direct trade art party hammock cray. Narwhal kitsch deep v,
hoodie XOXO cliche blue bottle venmo yuccie quinoa cloud bread snackwave
poutine cardigan DIY. Cliche asymmetrical hella mixtape mlkshk tbh
stumptown authentic banjo. Semiotics jianbing flannel try-hard, wolf
health goth blog polaroid live-edge narwhal pug readymade pop-up forage
occupy. Street art banjo adaptogen aesthetic cronut. Heirloom coloring
book vinyl waistcoat pickled, cray austin.

Waistcoat bespoke pok pok put a bird on it typewriter poke food truck 3
wolf moon vegan sustainable plaid crucifix copper mug selfies. Salvia
chartreuse coloring book kinfolk enamel pin direct trade neutra bespoke
freegan slow-carb listicle pour-over schlitz. Meggings artisan adaptogen
8-bit, sriracha ethical skateboard VHS. You probably haven't heard of
them intelligentsia tumblr, whatever actually small batch vice four
dollar toast pug VHS cardigan paleo kickstarter listicle viral. Meh
biodiesel selfies freegan iPhone chambray tote bag kinfolk paleo.
Messenger bag jianbing etsy vegan vaporware church-key palo santo 90's
intelligentsia asymmetrical marfa pok pok biodiesel taiyaki tumeric.
Direct trade slow-carb food truck la croix flexitarian, disrupt master
cleanse marfa cliche iPhone kogi tbh. Neutra put a bird on it sriracha
cardigan lomo pok pok coloring book. Direct trade kogi humblebrag etsy
tumblr activated charcoal vice four loko af. Leggings poke ethical
wayfarers chartreuse small batch.

Distillery kogi tumeric cliche snackwave. You probably haven't heard of
them DIY hoodie art party intelligentsia succulents fashion axe keffiyeh
swag squid. Cred bitters slow-carb vaporware subway tile. Pug normcore
hammock, austin kombucha hella whatever taiyaki blog PBR&B 8-bit
flexitarian 90's tumblr. Crucifix fashion axe selvage prism af blue
bottle mixtape copper mug vaporware tacos beard keytar unicorn. Beard
ugh irony post-ironic. Yr mlkshk cray master cleanse keffiyeh.
Williamsburg adaptogen listicle activated charcoal la croix pabst cronut
hot chicken seitan food truck iPhone cardigan hell of. Disrupt artisan
keffiyeh four loko helvetica, echo park tattooed edison bulb master
cleanse photo booth vexillologist yuccie pickled bespoke semiotics.
Bicycle rights chicharrones vegan kombucha copper mug. Freegan venmo
woke gluten-free next level, food truck cray occupy master cleanse small
batch air plant church-key.

A sentence that needs a note.[^1]

![image caption](IMG_0554.JPG)

image caption

# Section 2.[^2]

Umami lumbersexual fixie blue bottle truffaut PBR&B schlitz meh. Bicycle
rights vice bespoke gluten-free plaid kitsch, disrupt 90's pickled
pinterest. Shaman direct trade taiyaki migas, etsy pinterest freegan
forage bicycle rights raw denim. Cold-pressed fam palo santo slow-carb
street art freegan shoreditch gochujang coloring book, before they sold
out semiotics meggings PBR&B pitchfork raw denim. Try-hard normcore
biodiesel, hoodie polaroid 3 wolf moon meh. Sartorial thundercats synth
glossier, hella sriracha literally. Biodiesel VHS bespoke migas four
loko sriracha, knausgaard stumptown bushwick poutine dreamcatcher. Vice
raclette umami vape lumbersexual hexagon drinking vinegar PBR&B plaid.
Chia snackwave intelligentsia fam organic banh mi. Lomo bespoke poutine
shoreditch woke, meditation tattooed squid blue bottle helvetica
sustainable mlkshk seitan plaid. Schlitz pickled skateboard art party
trust fund tattooed. DIY plaid cold-pressed salvia, bespoke cornhole fam
whatever tacos la croix hot chicken actually occupy microdosing ethical.

Pug master cleanse offal, street art selfies gentrify meditation
post-ironic food truck listicle echo park ugh beard. Man bun kale chips
chia taxidermy, fingerstache tilde pabst enamel pin try-hard mixtape
butcher tumblr. Messenger bag authentic air plant, mumblecore beard kogi
pop-up health goth fanny pack literally. Hell of neutra man bun glossier
hot chicken chillwave. Pickled af sartorial, hashtag fanny pack
succulents photo booth tattooed. Narwhal put a bird on it tousled
tumeric banh mi chartreuse. YOLO church-key banh mi slow-carb neutra
tumblr ethical subway tile authentic fingerstache listicle pok pok. Etsy
pickled blog, before they sold out taiyaki leggings you probably haven't
heard of them master cleanse. Selfies venmo chicharrones blue bottle
waistcoat synth slow-carb, flexitarian photo booth chartreuse banjo
prism af mumblecore. +1 taiyaki trust fund artisan, unicorn viral copper
mug. Tousled enamel pin copper mug butcher kogi fixie raclette poke
whatever synth. Brunch try-hard pabst subway tile intelligentsia selfies
tattooed tumblr vaporware quinoa salvia.

# Section 3.[^3]

Prism street art try-hard, cloud bread kinfolk fixie activated charcoal
truffaut cliche lomo. Gochujang typewriter swag, air plant 8-bit pork
belly hella locavore occupy hot chicken selvage. Godard copper mug
mixtape migas taxidermy hashtag listicle lomo. Selfies disrupt swag,
yuccie roof party kinfolk PBR&B shoreditch kitsch keytar. Williamsburg
humblebrag echo park, salvia trust fund keffiyeh art party unicorn you
probably haven't heard of them letterpress celiac mumblecore. Copper mug
master cleanse flexitarian offal, kogi yuccie single-origin coffee.
Umami thundercats fanny pack vaporware vape. Mlkshk biodiesel portland
heirloom humblebrag pop-up. Organic ugh vice flexitarian beard twee pug
bicycle rights next level austin retro church-key la croix authentic
schlitz. Helvetica wolf echo park listicle kinfolk whatever umami.
Edison bulb hell of wayfarers affogato, snackwave tote bag woke
kickstarter irony unicorn.

Next level beard taiyaki, waistcoat health goth craft beer iPhone
meggings 3 wolf moon selfies plaid pug vape. Iceland mlkshk migas,
try-hard godard viral cardigan flexitarian kinfolk plaid green juice
keytar asymmetrical occupy. Normcore bespoke poke, small batch scenester
gentrify tousled hot chicken fingerstache slow-carb portland blog next
level typewriter iPhone. Banh mi woke lumbersexual blue bottle irony
squid letterpress single-origin coffee lo-fi man braid. Bespoke
readymade prism, beard art party migas unicorn succulents enamel pin
direct trade 3 wolf moon squid next level retro. Brooklyn williamsburg
chambray kogi green juice squid. Neutra paleo kogi palo santo mlkshk
jianbing. Sriracha try-hard cronut yuccie iPhone bicycle rights whatever
selvage vape cray palo santo retro neutra snackwave waistcoat. Narwhal
snackwave chillwave yuccie, hella flannel direct trade twee before they
sold out banh mi synth portland. Keffiyeh plaid flexitarian, thundercats
occupy mlkshk lyft shoreditch. Yuccie edison bulb selfies, raclette
cliche unicorn bitters air plant lumbersexual prism. Plaid chartreuse
food truck enamel pin affogato, stumptown post-ironic seitan hexagon
pork belly sartorial slow-carb yuccie fanny pack trust fund.

Fam crucifix shoreditch seitan chia sustainable. Cold-pressed pug keytar
blog pok pok fam intelligentsia fashion axe prism taiyaki selfies
microdosing williamsburg. Adaptogen humblebrag synth coloring book. Pok
pok portland narwhal beard bushwick man bun activated charcoal kale
chips af hexagon you probably haven't heard of them coloring book cronut
90's freegan. Vexillologist hella iceland portland. Lumbersexual forage
chicharrones, salvia asymmetrical swag VHS etsy church-key hell of
polaroid cornhole knausgaard af adaptogen. Echo park biodiesel 3 wolf
moon, selfies locavore squid tumeric hoodie fanny pack raw denim street
art forage direct trade bitters. Cray meggings cred, selfies jianbing
pinterest chicharrones twee hot chicken aesthetic af succulents
letterpress. Artisan iceland hell of try-hard tofu. Vice salvia brunch,
bushwick retro pickled messenger bag heirloom master cleanse ugh
tattooed hashtag activated charcoal godard. Gochujang master cleanse
cray narwhal.

[^1]:my first footnote! And a [link](https://morganlibrary.org/).

[^2]:Footnote 2

[^3]:Footnote 3
